Madam, the president has woken up
You will arrive at the venue in half an hour.
This lady
Someone reported you Wu Han for membership
Please come with us.
This kind of occasion is for people of status
Now any cat or dog can take it
Really lowered the level of variability
What if they didn't sneak in?
After all, he looks like this
It's not easy to seduce people
You rip off his fig leaf like this
How will he scold in the future?
bitch
How dare you bully the president's wife?
What? The CEO's wife is here, too?
Is this Miss Eyre?
It's the fake president's wife
I am the real one.
How did he know I was fake?
What evidence do you have?
I think you are the fake
This is the VIP black card of Nangong Group.
Why didn't you inform me that the president's wife is here?
This is a bunch of trash
If you offend the lady
Get the hell out of here
Can't you understand what you're saying?